readme.md, before:

My Powershell Library

This sets up my PowerShell environment - including my profile and my "standard" scripts, modules, psdrives, and settings. Of course, to load everything, I still need to manually doctor a main PowerShell Profile file. I use the AllUsersCurrentHost, cuz I'm every user (hmm... reminds me of a song).

Some of my standard functions ('snew' shows the current list; or 'snew -ModulesToo' to include loaded modules):

Command                   | Alias       | Description
-------                   | -----       | -----------
Add-ToPath                | PathAdd     | Adds a directory to the path
Find-Commands             | which       | Lists/finds commands with specified text
Find-Files                | find        | Search multiple folders for files
Find-InTextFile           | grep        | Grep with GSAR abilities
Get-Calendar              | cal         | Show current month calendar
Get-CurrentCalendar       | curcal      | Show previous, current, and next months
Get-LoadedModuleFunctions | glmf        | List functions from loaded modules
Get-NewCommands           | snew        | Show this list
Get-ProfilePSDrive        | PfDrive     | Drives created by PS Profile
Get-SplitEnvPath          | ePath       | Display the path environment var
GoHome                    | cd~         | Return to home directory
New-File                  | touch       | Create an empty file
New-TimestampedFile       | ntf         | Create a new file w/timestamped filename
Read-Profiles             | re-Profs    | Reload profile files (must . source)
Remove-FromPath           | PathDel     | Removes a directory from the path
Set-CountDown             | tminus      | Pause with a countdown timer
Test-Port                 | pp          | Test a TCP connection on the specified port

##### Script Folder / Security
My default folder location for scripting is, aptly, C:\Scripts. I keep this library, therefore, in C:\Scripts\lib.ps. For some degree of security, I adjust the permissions so that the Owner is "Administrator" from the local machine - then I remove Write permissions from any non-Administrator user/group. This forces a UAC prompt (or abject failure) if I try to modify anything without Admin elevation. If you're not familiar with NTFS and permissions, I recommend looking into them....

##### Ini Files
Well, they're not truly ini files, more like init files. Within the Settings folder are ini files that configure some of the settings. For example, I use the add-topath.ini file to specify directories to add to the PATH environment variable; and I use the remove-frompath.ini to specify directories to remove. I'm moving more and more of these items to ini files to minimize edits to the scripts themselves. I can add a new dir to the path by changing a ini file rather than edit (and someday, re-sign) the script.

That said, you might want to adjust these ini files as necessary for your environment (assuming there actually is a 'you' out there reading and using this).

#### To Install:

Download and extract the zip from: https://github.com/brsh/lib.ps/archive/master.zip (or clone this thing - your call).

Then, pick your preferred Profile file from:

Name                   | Path
----                   | ----
AllUsersAllHosts       | C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\profile.ps1
AllUsersCurrentHost    | C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1
CurrentUserAllHosts    | C:\Users\bshea\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\profile.ps1
CurrentUserCurrentHost | C:\Users\bshea\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1

and add the following:
```
if (test-path C:\Scripts\lib.ps\Profile\profile.ps1) {
    . C:\Scripts\lib.ps\Profile\profile.ps1
}
```
To get my modules, after installing and loading the profile (either restart PowerShell or just dot source the profile.ps1), then run:
```
Get-Content $libpath\Settings\Get-GitModule.ini | Get-GitModule.ps1 -ReadOnly -Verbose
```
You should also be able to add additional modules just by adding their urls to the ini file. For example (should work, but not tested):
```
https://github.com/dahlbyk/posh-git
```

##### OR....

Just save Create-LibPS.ps1 to your local hard drive and run it. It will try to clone all the pieces necessary and adjust your default Powershell profile accordingly.

Commit message:

Removed Verbose Always on and updated readme
Forgot to turn off 'always on verbose mode' in the Create-LibPS.ps1 ...
oops. Also, updated the readme with Create-LibPS instructions.

readme.md, after:

My Powershell Library

This sets up my PowerShell environment - including my profile and my "standard" scripts, modules, psdrives, and settings. Of course, to load everything, I still need to manually doctor a main PowerShell Profile file. I use the AllUsersCurrentHost, cuz I'm every user (hmm... reminds me of a song).

Some of my standard functions ('snew' shows the current list; or 'snew -ModulesToo' to include loaded modules):

Command                   | Alias       | Description
-------                   | -----       | -----------
Add-ToPath                | PathAdd     | Adds a directory to the path
Find-Commands             | which       | Lists/finds commands with specified text
Find-Files                | find        | Search multiple folders for files
Find-InTextFile           | grep        | Grep with GSAR abilities
Get-Calendar              | cal         | Show current month calendar
Get-CurrentCalendar       | curcal      | Show previous, current, and next months
Get-LoadedModuleFunctions | glmf        | List functions from loaded modules
Get-NewCommands           | snew        | Show this list
Get-ProfilePSDrive        | PfDrive     | Drives created by PS Profile
Get-SplitEnvPath          | ePath       | Display the path environment var
GoHome                    | cd~         | Return to home directory
New-File                  | touch       | Create an empty file
New-TimestampedFile       | ntf         | Create a new file w/timestamped filename
Read-Profiles             | re-Profs    | Reload profile files (must . source)
Remove-FromPath           | PathDel     | Removes a directory from the path
Set-CountDown             | tminus      | Pause with a countdown timer
Test-Port                 | pp          | Test a TCP connection on the specified port

##### Script Folder / Security
My default folder location for scripting is, aptly, C:\Scripts. I keep this library, therefore, in C:\Scripts\lib.ps (and that's what my install script defaults to). It is psdrive'd to Scripts:\  ... note... any drive you set as the home will be psdrive'd to Scripts:\

For some degree of security, I adjust the permissions so that the Owner is "Administrator" from the local machine - then I remove Write permissions from any non-Administrator user/group. This forces a UAC prompt (or abject failure) if I try to modify anything without Admin elevation. If you're not familiar with NTFS and permissions, I recommend looking into them....

##### Ini Files
Well, they're not truly ini files, more like init files. Within the lib.ps\Settings folder are ini files that configure some of the settings. For example, I use the add-topath.ini file to specify directories to add to the PATH environment variable (because there are paths to add... but only for PowerShell); and I use the remove-frompath.ini to specify directories to remove (because there are paths to remove...).

I'm moving more and more of these items to ini files to minimize edits to the scripts themselves. I can add a new dir to the path by changing a ini file rather than edit (and someday, re-sign) the script.

That said, you might want to adjust these ini files as necessary for your environment (assuming there actually is a 'you' out there reading and using this). You should also be able to add additional modules just by adding their urls to the ini file. For example (should work, but not tested):
```
https://github.com/dahlbyk/posh-git
```

Name                   | Description
----                   | ----
Add-ToPath.ini         | Folders to add to the path for the PowerShell session
Remove-FromPath.ini    | Folders to remove from the path for thie PowerShell session
Get-Git-Clones.ini     | URLs for script repos that I find handy to have (will be added to the path)
Get-Git-Modules.ini    | URLS for Module repos that I find handy to have (will be imported into session)
PSDrive.csv            | I like PSDrives. They're handy. Look 'em up.

#### To Install:

Download and extract the zip from: https://github.com/brsh/lib.ps/archive/master.zip (or clone this thing - your call).

Then, pick your preferred Profile file from:

Name                   | Path
----                   | ----
AllUsersAllHosts       | C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\profile.ps1
AllUsersCurrentHost    | C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1
CurrentUserAllHosts    | C:\Users\bshea\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\profile.ps1
CurrentUserCurrentHost | C:\Users\bshea\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1

and add the following:
```
if (test-path C:\Scripts\lib.ps\Profile\profile.ps1) {
    . C:\Scripts\lib.ps\Profile\profile.ps1
}
```
To get my scripts and modules, after installing and loading the profile (either restart PowerShell or just dot source the profile.ps1), then run:
```
Get-Content $libpath\Settings\Get-GitModule.ini | Get-GitModule.ps1 -ReadOnly -Verbose
get-content $libpath\Settings\Get-Git-Clones.ini | get-GitModule.ps1 -ReadOnly -Verbose
```

##### OR....

Just save Create-LibPS.ps1 to your local hard drive and run it. It will try to clone all the pieces necessary and adjust your default Powershell profile accordingly.

##### OR!!!!

Just run the following:

```
$ScriptFromGithHub = Invoke-WebRequest https://raw.githubusercontent.com/brsh/lib.ps/master/Create-LibPS.ps1
Invoke-Expression $($ScriptFromGithHub.Content)
```
